I would like to make some changes to the SnapPlate app. The infrastructure is in terraform and is located in c:\homestuff\code\foodfinderinfra. The application is a react native/expo app and is located in c:\homestuff\code\foodfinder. Here is what I would like you to do: 

1) The title on the Login page still has the old name "NutriSnap" with and apple as the logo. Please update this to the new app name which is SnapPlate and update the logo to the appropriate icon in the c:\homestuff\code\foodfinder\assets directory. 
2) Update the Home screen. There is too much scrolling that users have to do. And they can't see all the buttons without having to scroll down. All initial functionality should be visible without scroling. Please keep the "Today" day picker at the top and the "Today's Progress" card. You can shrink the cards if you need to and re-design the rest of the buttons if required but everything should fit on one screen with no scrolling. 
3) Pressing one of the meal buttons (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner or Snack) should render a new screen instead of having the user need to scroll down to find the right action to take. 
4) The only way to get to the "Manual Entry" screen is through the "Search Food" screen. Please create a button labeled "Manual Entry" that brings up the Manual Entry screen. This will be more intuitive for users who want to add their own macros. 
5) This one is a comprehensive change. We need to start capturing and tracking "fiber" as a macro. We will also need to start calculating "netcarbs" as a macro. The reason is because the amount of fiber in a food item subtracts from the total carbs to equal netcarbs. Please update all screens that display macros to also include "Fiber" and "NetCarbs". Please also make the NetCarbs field non-editable in all cases. It should automatically be calculated as carbs-fiber. The Food Search, Scan Barcode and Take a Photo calls should all return fiber in the response. Please provide me with a sql file that I can run to update the database to include the fiber and netcarbs macros. On the Macro vs. Weight graph, please replace the graph line for carbs with netcarbs.   